Update 0098-mobile-subdao-quality-of-service-requirements.md (#868)
helium/HIP: 0098-mobile-subdao-quality-of-service-requirements.md

## Rationale 
As the Helium 5G network matures, it’s vitally important that the quality of the network and deployments provide usable and consistent coverage. 

## Deployment Impact

> Nova Labs will have to change the speedtest requirements to incorporate the new "Acceptable" multiplier of 0.75X upon passing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protocol engineers will have to change the speedtest requirements to incorporate the new "Acceptable" multiplier of 0.75X upon passing. 
```

Reviewer: Small clarification, NL could be the ones to do this but any one can open a PR to implement this change in https://github.com/helium/oracles/blob/main/mobile_verifier/src/reward_shares.rs

Author: Is there a way for me to “accept” the accepted change, or can you push it?
